Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 3 (#25268)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/source/index.md

  - : Allowed if the `source` element's parent is a {{HTMLElement("picture")}} element, but not allowed if the `source` element's parent is an {{HTMLElement("audio")}} or {{HTMLElement("video")}} element.

>     A list of source sizes that describes the final rendered width of the image represented by the source. Each source size consists of a comma-separated list of media condition-length pairs. This information is used by the browser to determine, before laying the page out, which image defined in [`srcset`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/source#srcset) to use. Please note that `sizes` will have its effect only if width dimension descriptors are provided with `srcset` instead of pixel ratio values (200w instead of 2x for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A list of source sizes that describes the final rendered width of the image represented by the source. Each source size consists of a comma-separated list of media condition-length pairs. Before laying the page out, the browser uses this information to determine which image is defined in [`srcset`](#srcset) to use. Please note that `sizes` will have its effect only if width dimension descriptors are provided with `srcset` instead of pixel ratio values (200w instead of 2x for example).
```
